# MAGIC-Gamma-Telescope
The data set I used for this project is:(https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/MAGIC+Gamma+Telescope) and I want clarify what the project is and what is my goal.
Gamma rays lie well beyond the range of light that is visible to our human eyes, and their detection requires substantial efforts of science and engineering.  Gamma-ray telescopes rely upon measurements of interaction products created when gamma rays pass through another medium. For ground-based telescopes such as the one providing data for this capstone, that medium is Earth’s atmosphere, whereas for space-based telescopes, heavy metals are used to induce electron-positron pair creation (beyond the scope of this capstone). 
The detection of gamma rays requires the filtering of noise from other high energy, charged, particles, usually protons and electrons (also known as cosmic rays).  Cosmic rays produce similar, but not exactly the same, characteristics within a gamma-ray detector; however, cosmic rays originate from different sources and confuse the signal from gamma-ray sources. This cosmic-ray confusion makes gamma-ray sources appear brighter than they truly are if the cosmic-ray signal is not properly removed.
MAGIC (Major Atmospheric Gamma Imaging Cherenkov Telescope), located in Spain, is designed to record radiations released by Gamma rays in space. High Energy gamma rays initiate electromagnetic showers and charged particles are produced inside this shower which emits radiation. These radiations that leak through our atmosphere are detected and recorded by the MAGIC telescope.
In addition to the Gamma-ray radiation, radiation from hadronic (background) showers created by cosmic rays also gets recorded in the MAGIC telescope. These radiations from hadronic showers have a wavelength comparable to gamma-ray radiation. So, scientists are having a hard time trying to discriminate signals generated by gamma rays from those generated by unintended hadronic rays.
As a data scientist, goal is to accurately classify the radiations emitted by Gamma rays based on the numerical data recorded by the Telescope. This will help the Physicists to work on the right radiation measurements and avoid unnecessary radiation measurements.
